Add instructions on how to format multiple variables (#27032)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/add-support-for-variables.md

   ```ts
   async query(options: DataQueryRequest<MyQuery>): Promise<DataQueryResponse> {
     const query = getTemplateSrv().replace('SELECT * FROM services WHERE id = "$service"', options.scopedVars);

     const data = makeDbQuery(query);

     return { data };
   }
   ```

## Format multiple variables

> If the user has selected multiple values, the value of the interpolated variable depends on the [variable format](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/variables/advanced-variable-format-options/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user selects multiple values, then the value of the interpolated variable depends on the [variable format](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/variables/advanced-variable-format-options/).
```

Reviewer: Unclear what you mean with "multiple values." Do you mean multiple variable values? A variable with multiple values? Multi-value variables? Selected how? In the dropdown? Please clarify.

Author: All of what you said is correct :) Maybe "When a user selects multiple values for variable"?

Reviewer: Yes, that makes more sense.

> A data source can define the default format option when no format is specified, by adding a third argument to the interpolation function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A data source can define the default format option when no format is specified by adding a third argument to the interpolation function.
```
